[CON-814] Iterable guide read/write (#140)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/iterable.mdx

### Supported actions

This connector supports:

> - [Read Actions](/define-integrations/read-actions), including full historic backfill, while incremental read is supported only by templates object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Read Actions](/define-integrations/read-actions), including full historic backfill. Please note that incremental read is supported only for the `templates` object currently. For all other objects, a full read is done per scheduled read.
```

- [Write Actions](/define-integrations/write-actions).
- [Proxy Actions](/define-integrations/proxy-actions), using the base URL `https://api.iterable.com`.

The Iterable connector supports writing to and reading from the following objects:
- [campaigns](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#campaigns_campaigns)
- [catalogs](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#catalogs_listCatalogs)
- [channels](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#channels_channels) (read only)
- [jobs](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#export_getExportJobs) (read only)
- [journeys](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#workflows_getJourneys) (read only)

> - [lists](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#lists_getLists)

Reviewer: Can you please remove the `(read only)`s or `(write only)`s from the object list? It may confuse a builder into thinking it's read-only on Ampersand.

Author: I was adding this side notes for other provider guides as well.

Yes it might confuse that its us that didn't do our job, so it could be also bad for marketing. I was motivated to add this to indicate all the funcitonality that could be achieved via Ampersand and propagating provider limitations up. Hiding those could bring confusion.

For example tempaltes is read only and ever will be because of underlying provider. But writing can be achieved using `templatesEmail` or `templatesInApp` objects.

The scenario I am thinking is: I am a brand new developer that wants to use iterable but I am not familiar with its ecosystem yet, so I come to this provider guide and I get all the information needed here. I think to extend to your idea it would be nice to have a table of objects and operations supported, where it is either supported/unsupported or unavailable due to underlaying provider API. This would be the most explicit summary. (we could think of generating it from code).

Reviewer: Makes sense. We will expose a metadata endpoint which will return the 'read-only' status of each field, but until then, let's add a separate note like `Iterable allows the following objects to only be read, and not written to: channels, jobs, etc`

- [messageTypes](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#messageTypes_messageTypes) (read only)
- [messages](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#Embedded_Messaging_messages) (read only)
- [metadata](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#metadata_list_tables) (read only)
- [users](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#users_updateUser) (write only)
- [webhooks](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#webhooks_getWebhooks)

> 
> The templates object can be read using:
> - [templates](https://api.iterable.com/api/docs#templates_getTemplates) (incremental read)
> while creating templates is done using dedicated objects based on its type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
